opentelemetry lambda - java examples (#90)
signalfx/tracing-examples: opentelemetry-tracing/opentelemetry-lambda/README.md

# Splunk OpenTelemetry Lambda Layer

This repository contains examples documenting usage of the Splunk OpenTelemetry Lambda Layer in all supported languages. 

Official Splunk documentation for can be found [here.](https://docs.splunk.com/Observability/gdi/get-data-in/serverless/aws/splunk-otel-lambda-layer.html#splunk-otel-lambda-layer)

For more detailed information about the layer and Splunk OpenTelemetry Lambda distribution visit:
- Layer: https://github.com/signalfx/lambda-layer-versions/tree/master/splunk-apm
- Distribution: https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-lambda

## General instructions
All examples are accompanied with a SAM template, allowing quick and easy deployment to your AWS account. 
Additionally, the default configuration sends the data to Splunk Observability Cloud (`us0` realm).
 

> Following placeholders needs to be set in each `template.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following placeholders needs to be set in each `template.yaml` file:
```

> - `REPLACE_WITH_SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN` - your organization's access token
> - `REPLACE_WITH_LAYER_ARN` - ARN of the newest Splunk OpenTelemetry Lambda Layer for your AWS Region, found under this 
> URL: https://github.com/signalfx/lambda-layer-versions/blob/master/splunk-apm/splunk-apm.md 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `REPLACE_WITH_SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN` : Your organization's access token in Splunk Observability Cloud
- `REPLACE_WITH_LAYER_ARN`: The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the newest Splunk OpenTelemetry Lambda Layer for your AWS Region, available in [lambda-layer-versions](https://github.com/signalfx/lambda-layer-versions/blob/master/splunk-apm/splunk-apm.md)
```

> After filling in these details simply run following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After filling in these details, run following command:
```

```

> $ sam build && sam deploy --resolve-s3git

Reviewer: I'd rather not add the shell prompt to facilitate copying and pasting, but that's OK.

```

## Java

> All examples can be found in [Java](./java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All examples are in the [Java directory](./java).
```

> Note: all example lambdas are string-based, so if testing from AWS console send simple string payload. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: all example lambdas are string-based, so if testing from AWS console send simple string payloads. 
```

> API Gateway example needs to get an instance of `APIGatewayProxyRequestEvent`. Therefore, minimal AWS console 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API Gateway example requires to get an instance of `APIGatewayProxyRequestEvent`. Therefore, the minimal AWS console 
```
